README.md, before:

# StrokeAI
A Compilation of References to AI programs for Stroke Diagnosis.

## Datasets
- [ISLES Challenge Datset](https://isles22.grand-challenge.org/dataset/), A collection of medical imaging data focused on the segmentation of ischemic stroke lesions in brain MRI scans. It is widely used for developing and evaluating machine learning models in the field of medical image analysis, particularly for stroke diagnosis and treatment planning.
- [ATLAS Dataset](https://fcon_1000.projects.nitrc.org/indi/retro/atlas.html), Anatomical Tracings of Lesions After Stroke, A dataset containing manual segmentations of stroke lesions on T1-weighted MRI scans from chronic stroke patients.
- [BRATS Dataset](https://www.med.upenn.edu/cbica/brats2020/data.html), A dataset mostly utilized for segmenting brain tumors, but is sometimes use for stroke segmentation.
- [NIfTI-1](https://nifti.nimh.nih.gov/nifti-1/data), Neuroimaging Informatics Technology Initiative

## Architectures
- [UNET](https://github.com/zhixuhao/unet) A Convolutional network architecture for fast and precise segmentation of images.
- [VNET](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.04797) A 3D variant of U-Net designed for volumetric medical imaging segmentation.
- [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) A deep neural network architecture that uses residual learning with shortcut connections to effectively train very deep networks. (Has variants such as ResU-Net)
- [DeepMedic](https://github.com/deepmedic/deepmedic)  A deep multi-scale 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) designed for brain lesion segmentation, including stroke lesions.

Commit message:

I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture
I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture I love architecture

README.md, after:

# StrokeAI
A Compilation of References to AI programs for Stroke Diagnosis.

## Datasets
- [ISLES Challenge Datset](https://isles22.grand-challenge.org/dataset/), A collection of medical imaging data focused on the segmentation of ischemic stroke lesions in brain MRI scans. It is widely used for developing and evaluating machine learning models in the field of medical image analysis, particularly for stroke diagnosis and treatment planning.
- [ATLAS Dataset](https://fcon_1000.projects.nitrc.org/indi/retro/atlas.html), Anatomical Tracings of Lesions After Stroke, A dataset containing manual segmentations of stroke lesions on T1-weighted MRI scans from chronic stroke patients.
- [BRATS Dataset](https://www.med.upenn.edu/cbica/brats2020/data.html), A dataset mostly utilized for segmenting brain tumors, but is sometimes use for stroke segmentation.
- [NIfTI-1](https://nifti.nimh.nih.gov/nifti-1/data), Neuroimaging Informatics Technology Initiative

## Architectures
- [DeepMedic](https://github.com/deepmedic/deepmedic)  A deep multi-scale 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) designed for brain lesion segmentation, including stroke lesions.
- [SUNET](https://github.com/NIC-VICOROB/SUNet-architecture) A deep learning architecture for acute stroke lesion segmentation and outcome prediction in multimodal MRI.
- [XNET](https://github.com/Andrewsher/X-Net) A convoluntional nerual network for "Segmentation Based on Depthwise Separable Convolution and Long-range Dependencies".
- [UNET](https://github.com/zhixuhao/unet) A Convolutional network architecture for fast and precise segmentation of images.
- [VNET](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.04797) A 3D variant of U-Net designed for volumetric medical imaging segmentation.
- [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) A deep neural network architecture that uses residual learning with shortcut connections to effectively train very deep networks. (Has variants such as ResU-Net)
